#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   openai
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==25.1.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via nbconvert
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
comm==0.2.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
debugpy==1.8.16
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.59.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipykernel==6.30.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==9.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.25.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.6
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.6
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.27
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.74
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-sandbox
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-ollama==0.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.3.30
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-sandbox==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.9
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-sandbox
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.1
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.6.4
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.2.0
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.4.14
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lark==1.2.2
    # via rfc3987-syntax
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   langchain-community
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
ollama==0.5.3
    # via langchain-ollama
openai==1.99.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.11.2
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
patsy==1.0.1
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via langchain-community
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
pyzmq==27.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2025.7.34
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3987-syntax==1.1.0
    # via jsonschema
rpds-py==0.27.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.5
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.11.0
    # via langchain-openai
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250809
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
